Refactor(cvp_configlet_upload): Deprecate arista.avd.cvp_configlet_upload (#5740)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/release-notes/5.x.x.md

<!-- Release notes generated using configuration in .github/release.yml at devel -->

## Release 5.7.0

### Deprecations

#### arista.avd.cvp_configlet_upload role

- The role `arista.avd.cvp_configlet_upload` will be removed in AVD version 6.0.0. Update your playbook to leverage the new `arista.avd.cv_deploy` role instead.
- The new role now leverages the **Static Configuration Studio** in CloudVision and requires an **explicit manifest** of configlets, instead of auto-discovering files from a directory.

##### Example Migration

> #### Before

Reviewer: not great to change the title level this way

```yaml
- name: Upload CVP configlets
  ansible.builtin.import_role:
    name: arista.avd.cvp_configlet_upload
  vars:
    configlet_directory: "configlets/"
    file_extension: "txt"
    configlets_cvp_prefix: "DC1-AVD_"
    execute_tasks: false
    cv_collection: v3
```

#### After

```yaml
- name: Upload CVP configlets to Static Configuration Studio Configlet Library
  ansible.builtin.import_role:
    name: arista.avd.cv_deploy
  vars:
    # Use "manifest-only" mode.
    cv_devices: []

    # Explicitly define configlets.
    cv_static_config_manifest:
      configlets:
        - name: "DC1-AVD_access_lists"
          file: "configlets/access_lists.txt"
        - name: "DC1-AVD_ntp_servers"
          file: "configlets/ntp_servers.txt"
```

> For more details, see the `arista.avd.cv_deploy` role documentation on [AVD website](https://avd.arista.com/stable/ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/cv_deploy/index.html).

Reviewer: we may need to do this

```suggestion
For more details, see the `arista.avd.cv_deploy` role documentation on [AVD website](../..//ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/cv_deploy/README.md).
```

Reviewer: need to test locally - I am making this up :p

  - **Improved performance:** Uses multiprocessing to run tests in parallel batches, improving execution time for large environments.
  - **Enhanced filtering:** Provides more granular control over test execution through multiple filtering mechanisms.

#### arista.avd.cvp_configlet_upload role

> - In AVD 6.0.0 the `cvp_configlet_upload` role will be removed. Update your playbook to leverage the new 'arista.avd.cv_deploy' role instead.

Reviewer 2: The `cvp_configlet_upload` role will be removed in AVD 6.0.

Author: changed wording
